---
layout: post
title:  "2.0.8 Release Note"
date:   2015-04-29 00:00:00
categories: changelog
published: true
---

I’d like to briefly describe about release 2.0.8.

<!--more-->

### Fixed an issue ###

When I tested the vulnerability in Custom Contact Forms (<= 5.1.0.3) 
[reported by Sucuri on August 2014][vulnerability-CCF], I found that 
[IP Geo Block][IP-Geo-Block] could not prevent it.

After my short investigation, I noticed that CCF had accepted a certain attack 
vector at `init` action hook with the highest priority which was triggered 
prior to the validation of IP Geo Block at `admin_init`.

I don't know why CCF accepted it in such a manner, but I had to change the 
action hook and the priority to trigger WP-ZEP before CCF.

### Re-creating DB table for validation logs ###

In previous version, the DB table `ip_geo_block_logs` will be created when 
this plugin is activated. But [issue #1][issue1] was reported from my user.
So I implemented the re-creating process into the administrative diagnosis 
process.

This means that it always spend additional 1 query on admin screen. While I 
can't determine whether this case happens to a specific user or not at this 
moment, I'd like to hide this feature behind a debug mode in the future.

### Showing the time of day on validation logs ###

Priviously, the time of day was shown by UTC on validation logs. With adding 
GMT offset, it will be shown by local time of day.

### Optimizing resource loading ###

Before 2.0.8, script for google map was loaded on every tab of IP Geo Block 
dashboard. But now it will be loaded only on "Search" tab.

[IP-Geo-Block]:      https://wordpress.org/plugins/ip-geo-block/ "WordPress › IP Geo Block « WordPress Plugins"
[vulnerability-CCF]: https://blog.sucuri.net/2014/08/database-takeover-in-custom-contact-forms.html "Critical Vulnerability Disclosed on WordPress Custom Contact Forms Plugin | Sucuri Blog"
[issue1]:            https://github.com/tokkonopapa/WordPress-IP-Geo-Block/issues/1 "IP Geo Block not providing logs #1"
