---
layout: post
title:  "Release 2.0.8"
date:   2015-04-26 00:00:00
categories: changelog
published: false
---

I’d like to briefly describe about release 2.0.8.

<!--more-->

### Fixed an issue ###

When I tested the vulnerability in Custom Contact Forms <= 5.1.0.3 reported on 
[August 2014 by Sucuri][vulnerability-CCF], I found that 
[IP Geo Block][IP-Geo-Block] could not prevent it.

After my short investigation, I found that CCF had accepted a certain attack 
vector at `init` action hook with the highest priority which was triggered 
earlier and prior to the validation of IP Geo Block at `admin_init`.

I don't know why CCF accepted it in such a manner, but I had to change the 
action hook and priority to trigger WP-ZEP to prevent it.

### Re-creating DB table for validation logs ###

In previous version, the DB table `ip_geo_block_logs` will be created when 
this plugin is activated. But [issue #1][issue1] was reported from my user, 
so I implemented the re-creating process into the administrative diagnosis.

This means that it always spend additional 1 query on admin screen. While I 
can't determine whether this case happens to a specific user or not at this 
moment, I'd like to hide this feature behind something like a debug mode.

### Showing the time of day on validation logs ###

Priviously, the time of day was shown by UTC on validation logs. With adding 
GMT offset, it will be shown by local time of day.

Currently, it uses `date_default_timezone_get()` which result is not reliable 
before PHP 5.4.0.

### Optimizing resource loading ###

Before 2.0.8, script for google map was loaded on every tab of IP Geo Block 
dashboard. But now it will be loaded only "Search" tab.

[IP-Geo-Block]: https://wordpress.org/plugins/ip-geo-block/ "WordPress &#8250; IP Geo Block &laquo; WordPress Plugins"
[vulnerability-CCF]: https://blog.sucuri.net/2014/08/database-takeover-in-custom-contact-forms.html "Critical Vulnerability Disclosed on WordPress Custom Contact Forms Plugin | Sucuri Blog"
[issue1]: https://github.com/tokkonopapa/WordPress-IP-Geo-Block/issues/1 "IP Geo Block not providing logs #1"
